good morning to everyone salutes bid
falca bucay and today I come with a video of
theory where I will treat the theory that the
character of the sixth digimon saga
sounds moon x 7 upper mode can be
or not the strongest anime character
until now well those who have seen the
sixth digimon saga will know that this
character only appears in battle
against darkness bayamón who has
absorbed into dark knight moon so
has increased his powers of form
considerable in addition to the attacks
devastating things he could do with his
right arm that can kill
any one blow now
has new attacks extremely
powerful though sound moon x 7
superior mode is infinitely more
powerful than the first because the ray
black Garamond partners is easily
blocked by sound moon without even
move a finger and this one could defeat
bagram on with a single blow of his sword
the most important thing is not that but the
fact that the black beam of bagram on
it is practically the same as
big-bang change me increased 100 times
vogue is super sayayin 4 with a
force so great that it can destroy
completely to planet individuals
and galaxies including universes besides
from the fact that it disintegrates everything
touches what makes it one more attack
powerful that the big-bang kamehameha has
increased 100 times but sound money is
unchanged by the attack manages to block it
as if it were a miserable stone
also if it manages to block an attack so
powerful as that would be the best
vogue attack is very much in doubt
vegeta could put even a finger
over to sound moon because I would not have the
enough strength to go through his
shield and with the huge power of
sound mont gogh eta would be beaten with
just an attack other aspects of
sound moon is that when it becomes
its most powerful way we can see
clearly that merges with all the
we said that they exist except for
bayamón so it is logical to think that
has all its attacks in addition to the
attacks he had in his sound form
moon x 7 before moving to top mode
a variety of attacks that in itself
could cause problems for characters
as it is already wallow card and with the power
that now has sound mont I doubt a lot
that the two mentioned above
they could do something against him other
well-known characters from other series
how lucy ichigo natsu takes out virgo
among others, they could not beat
sound moon and boy because he does not have the
enough power to go through
shield and would be defeated quickly lucy
for the same reasons besides that
have greater weakness to objects
cutting and follows if the sword of
sound moon disintegrates what it touches is
obvious to think that lutfi would be totally
destroyed in natsu combat
it just does not have what it takes
to beat sound moon and although many
they would say that he pulls out he could simply put
to salmon to walk forever in the
hand of buddha this is also not possible
it has been shown that the shield of
sound moon is a separate space of
our space time and reality is
say that everything that happens inside is
a powerful projection of what happens
in another alien and incomprehensible dimension
said projection is sufficiently
powerful to let sound moon
affect our dimension through their
attacks without your own space
separated is affected by none
attack class so it takes out no
could do anything to sound moon and it would be
expired immediately and in the event that
sound moon could be hurt thing that
it is impossible
can destroy both organic matter
as inorganic that surrounds it for
absorb the regenerate and increase of
size since it's a skill
innate of the said and has been seen
bagram on using it at the same time in
the one who fights against Simon for the last time
therefore sound moon can
regenerate as many times as you need
although he does not need it because his shield is
impenetrable and if you ask yourself why
is that others we said have not used it in
the saga is because you need to have
certain power to use it and so far
only agramón and simon have been so
powerful to do that in conclusion
taking into account all these points is
obvious that sound moon x 7 superior mode
is the most powerful character of what
we know as anime and even those who
before they were considered the most powerful
they are like flies before him for the reasons
that I have already shown and there is not even
individuals in other universes capable of
beat him as superman hong and others
characters none of them has what
it takes to beat simon we could
say that it is a kind of god
totally invincible but if they do not want
believe that sound moon is the most powerful
and it is well after all everyone
he has his opinion good that's all for
today I hope you liked it and we
we see in another video
[Music]